fix: removed step 28 and fixed issue #44836 (#44856)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/14-responsive-web-design-22/learn-the-css-box-model-by-building-a-rothko-painting/step-044.md

---
id: 60a3e3396c7b40068ad69996
title: Step 44
challengeType: 0
dashedName: step-44
---

# --description--

> Rotate `.two` clockwise slightly by adding the `transform` property with the value `rotate(0.4deg)`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Rotate the `.two` element clockwise by 0.4 degrees.
```
